Impossible How noble the Kunlun Hall of Tianmen should be
How could the Universal Chamber of Commerce come back?
The thousand-year-old golden silk Nanmu River is indeed priceless
But he is not qualified to bear the Kunlun Palace's attack
I don't believe it.
Open it and see
Shaojie enters the password to open the box
Hit this trash hard in the face
Open it and let him give up.
Hmm, didn't you hear it?
I told you to open it.
Could it be that you can't open it?
Who says I can't open it?
I'm giving you a chance.
Shaojie, you are kind-hearted
Don't give this trash face
Open it up and convince him
Hmm, don't know the password yet
Can't open at all
Shaojie asked for a congratulatory gift
Can you know the password?
Shaojie opened it to prove to him
Don't delay the battle of the edge
Open it up and pierce his lies
Password authentication failed
Please re-enter
What's going on here?
Please tell me this is a misunderstanding
My dad didn't set a common password
I'll try again.
Password authentication failed
Please re-enter
Why is it still wrong?
Jiao'er has a surprise from the International Chamber of Commerce
Shaojie doesn't know the password, it's normal
Just ask Shaojie to ask his father later, right?
Steal something and return the box to me
This is my box.
You don't even know the password
And the face said this is your box.
Show me the eyes of the dog
You stop me
You're going to enter it wrong. The combination is locked.
I can't afford to pay for your life
This is my cheap stuff
You stop small